Refactor README and blog content for clarity and consistency: (#6557)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/blog/2020/2020-07-16-growing-as-an-open-source-contributor-with-layer5/index.mdx

<img src={pic3} alt="book"/>

This led me to a long-winding conversation with Subham Kumar Rai and Anand Kumar Singh about Layer5 and how amazing an opportunity it would be to be a part of this emerging community. I did some research on Kubernetes and made my way to the Layer5 Github repo. From there, it was a swift journey to the Layer5 Slack Channel where I truly understood what Subham had meant about the warm welcome. I was amazed by how helpful and willing the entire community was. Armed with the resources I needed, I delved into the projects and churned out a few PRs and I was hooked. I dove aggressively into the projects and handled any curve balls with the help of my mentors. My participation in the Layer5 community drove me to a well earned obsession with open source projects which led me to make my own contributions in the FOSSASIA and GATSBY projects and take part in many open-source contests such as Hacktoberfest, DevopsCember, Kharagpur Winter Of Code (KWOC), NJACK Winter Of Code (NWOC), Girlscript Summer Of Code (GSSOC).

<img src={pic4} alt="github-profile"/>

#### What is Meshery?

> Meshery is a multi-platform management that offers lifecycle, configuration, and performance management of Kubernetes and cloud platformsand applications running on top of th.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery is a multi-platform management that offers lifecycle, configuration, and performance management of Kubernetes and cloud platforms and applications.<br/>
```
